Well that was nice, i learned new concepts like MVC, DataAnnocations, Service classes, etc...

Give me another task to complete
For context here's I'm trying to catch up to get ready for an online training program:

I went in way over my head expecting this to be a C# training class but it is more of an in-depth class for .NET programming and it is expected that C# is known, as well as a little CSS, HTML and Javascript.

You know I am more of a C++ guy, 

for reference here's the description to the program:
If you are already familiar with the basics of .NET programming and interested in expanding your proficiency, then this program, led by industry experts, is exactly what you need to advance your skills.



By participating, you will have the opportunity to:

Learn how to create programs in C# using a structured approach
Understand simple algorithms for searching and sorting data
Find out how to develop and debug .NET solutions
Acquire the skills to create ASP.NET Web API programs
Discover how to build n-layer .NET applications


Requirements

English level from B1 (Intermediate) and higher
Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures, OOP, SQL, and database fundamentals
Good grasp of C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Development experience in any programming language
Analytical thinking and ability to solve non-standard tasks


We offer

Top-notch materials: our curriculum is designed by .NET and C# experts from all over the world to make it perfect for beginners
Diverse content: this course consists of text and video resources, quizzes and practical tasks with immediate automated feedback
Industry-based education: the program consists of up-to-date, high-quality materials that reflect the current state of the IT industry. It will help you study and understand one of the most widely used and effective programming languages
Beginner-friendly approach: built-in instructions and accessible delivery will help you easily navigate and pass the program
Interactive events: you will have the opportunity to visit online workshops with IT experts from the global company
 

Do you know someone interested in starting a career in IT? Share our EPAM Campus programs with them, where they can enhance their knowledge in various fields online, free of charge.

 

EPAM is a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and development services. We are committed to having a positive impact on our customers, our employees, and our communities. We embrace a dynamic and inclusive culture. Here you will collaborate with multi-national teams, contribute to a myriad of innovative projects that deliver the most creative and cutting-edge solutions, and have an opportunity to continuously learn and grow. No matter where you are located, you will join a dedicated, creative, and diverse community that will help you discover your fullest potential.

The deadline for the last task for admittance is coming up, I need to quickly learn what is needed for that .NET fundamentals class specifically in the realm where CSS, HTML, and Javascript is concerned.